---
layout: post
title:  "July 2018"
date:   2018-07-29
author: Matt
categories: updates, juggling, video games, running
---

I said I was gonna start posting here more often when I deleted my Facebook, and I haven't.  So this is gonna be the first in a continuing series of monthly update posts for those of you who want to stay apprised of what's happening in the world of Matt.  (This post-month wrap-up blogging style is stolen from [Tom 7](http://radar.spacebar.org), an internet computer person who's work is much more interesting than mine).

## Learned to Juggle at Bryant Park 🤹‍♂️
(This was technically in June, but close enough.)  Every weekday from noon to one, the Bryant Park Jugglers offer free lessons to anyone who stops by. Six catches gets you a pin proclaiming "I learned to juggle at Bryant Park".  A coworker of mine is a competitive juggler, so he brought a bunch of us to the park one day to learn.  I earned my pin (barely) and now own my own set of juggling balls so I can keep practicing. Keep reading the blog and maybe I'll have a juggling skills update in a couple months. If you've got time on your lunch break, you should definitely stop by, if not to participate then just to watch the experts show off.

https://twitter.com/robotmlg/status/1012112646181675010

## Completed the Couch to 5K Running Program 🏃‍♂️
My new year's resolution was to exercise more. I planned to start in March, but a late winter pushed that to April. I didn't adhere _strictly_ to the C25K schedule, but I did complete all 27 runs in the 9 week program in ~10 weeks and can now run 5 km in ~30 min without feeling like dying afterward, so that's Mission Accomplished™. Of course it's now too hot and humid for me to even consider going outside, so I haven't gone for a run in a couple weeks, but I'll definitely be back on the wagon once it cools down a bit.

https://twitter.com/robotmlg/status/1017215354932813825

## Other Random Bits
- Hit 100 hours played in _Tom Clancy's Rainbow 6 Siege_. Despite this, I am still terrible at the game. My [Bronze 1 rank](https://r6db.com/player/e04695f3-35d5-4d3e-a10f-5e137848d442) is evidence only of me getting constantly carried by my much better friends.  Send a message if you want to play!
- My latest project [TheseAmericanLives.com](https://theseamericanlives.com) is up and running; stay tuned for a longer post about that Soon™. 
- Go see the "unrestored" version of _2001: A Space Odyssey_ at the Museum of the Moving Image next weekend, your last chance to see it in NYC.

https://twitter.com/robotmlg/status/1023035803763712000
