---
layout: post
title:  "2019"
date:   2020-01-01
author: Matt
categories: 2019, years
---

### Movies

[See my 2019 movie stats on my Letterboxd](https://letterboxd.com/robotmlg/year/2019/)

### Books

I finished 9 books in 2019.  Here are some highlights:

* _Death's End_, by Cixin Liu - The excellent conclusion to the excellent Three Body Problem Trilogy.
* _Things to Make and Do in the Fourth Dimension_, by Matt Parker - A fun summary of many mathematical topics made approachable to the layperson. I read the original British edition, but you can read the American version where they took all the "u"s away from next to the "o"s.
* _The Code Book_, by Simon Singh - Another book about math, this time summarizing the history of cryptography and cryptology from prehistory to present.  This book is 20 years old now, but is still as relevant as ever.
* _Ruined By Design_, by Mike Monteiro - The broader "design" industry has amazing power, and we need to wield it better.  If you buy this on Amazon, the book cover has a instructions for Amazon warehouse workers on how they can unionize.

### TV

Too much to list exhaustively here, but here are some highlights

* _Watchmen_ - Already planning a rewatch.  Every episode better than the last.
* _Chernobyl_ - Will never rewatch this.  Thoroughly haunting.
* _Good Eats: The Return_ - Alton Brown is back, baby.
* _Only Connect_ - The hardest and most British TV quiz show out there.  In it's 11th year and 15th season ("series" to the Brits), I can't believe it took me until now to start watching.
* _The Leftovers_ - Thanks to [this episode of _Do By Friday_ for challenging me to watch this](http://dobyfriday.com/157)
